APL
APL (named after the book A Programming Language) is a programming language developed in the 1960s by Kenneth E. Iverson. Its central datatype is the multidimensional array. It uses a large range of special graphic symbols to represent most functions and operators, leading to very concise code. It has been an important influence on the development of concept modeling, spreadsheets, functional programming, and computer math packages. It has also inspired several other programming languages. It is still used today for certain applications.

Dyalog Ltd.
Dyalog delivers an APL-based development environment that allows both subject matter experts and IT specialists to efficiently convert ideas into software solutions.

Big Data
Big data is a term for data sets that are so large or complex that traditional data processing applications are inadequate to deal with them. Challenges include analysis, capture, data curation, search, sharing, storage, transfer, visualization, querying, updating and information privacy. The term "big data" often refers simply to the use of predictive analytics, user behavior analytics, or certain other advanced data analytics methods that extract value from data, and seldom to a particular size of data set. "There is little doubt that the quantities of data now available are indeed large, but that’s not the most relevant characteristic of this new data ecosystem."

6502
The MOS Technology 6502 (typically "sixty-five-oh-two" or "six-five-oh-two")[2] is an 8-bit microprocessor that was designed by a small team led by Chuck Peddle for MOS Technology. When it was introduced in 1975, the 6502 was, by a considerable margin, the least expensive full-featured microprocessor on the market. It initially sold for less than one-sixth the cost of competing designs from larger companies, such as Motorola and Intel, and caused rapid decreases in pricing across the entire processor market. Along with the Zilog Z80 it sparked a series of projects that resulted in the home computer revolution of the early 1980s.

BASIC
BASIC (an acronym for Beginner's All-purpose Symbolic Instruction Code) is a family of general-purpose, high-level programming languages whose design philosophy emphasizes ease of use. In 1964, John G. Kemeny and Thomas E. Kurtz designed the original BASIC language at Dartmouth College in New Hampshire. They wanted to enable students in fields other than science and mathematics to use computers. At the time, nearly all use of computers required writing custom software, which was something only scientists and mathematicians tended to learn.

Julia
Julia is a modern and easy to use high performance programming language. It provides a sophisticated compiler, parallel execution, numerical accuracy, and an extensive library of fast mathematical functions. While it is an open source project with a diverse community of hundreds of contributors around the world, research on Julia is anchored at MIT.

FUNCTIONAL CONF
Functional Conf is designed to bring the growing community of functional programmers together under one roof

TryAPL
This site is to help you learn about APL by using it. Type APL expressions in the input field on the right and hit enter to see the results.

50 years
APL50 – celebrating the 50th Anniversary of the APL language

Microsoft Excel
Microsoft Excel is a spreadsheet developed by Microsoft for Windows, macOS, Android and iOS. It features calculation, graphing tools, pivot tables, and a macro programming language called Visual Basic for Applications. It has been a very widely applied spreadsheet for these platforms, especially since version 5 in 1993, and it has replaced Lotus 1-2-3 as the industry standard for spreadsheets. Excel forms part of Microsoft Office.

Links:
Twitter page
Github
Python
Domain-specific language
Erlang
Notepad-plus-plus
Prolog
Common Lisp
Haskell
